I hello welcome back to another video I
hope you're doing really good and you
keeping it safe and well at the moment
in today's video I'm going to be going
through some of my current fades some of
these I've used for actual years but
just like a range of everything from my
favorite like fitness products clothing
beauty stuff my skincare haircare I feel
like since been quarantined as well
these feel really relevant right now
because it's all about the little things
like every day that makes the difference
I've kind of separate stuff it's pretty
broad here like I've got stuff for my
blooming favorite coffee to my favorite
trainers so I'm gonna start with like
all the fitness kind of stuff but first
thing which is like one of my holy grail
just absolutely must haves anyone who
works out like on a daily you just leave
this in your life it's just this bread
resistance band I've had this for over
two years and it's just a lifesaver in
this current search because you can use
it for all your workouts
you can like lap it over as well so you
can change the intensity and like this
morning I did back workout and I just
attached this to like home would click
like the pull-up bar and also it's
really good for like activating your
glutes you can use it for wallet
movements and then you can intensify it
by like add in there I'll make sure I
leave everything that linked in the
description bar down below okay the next
one is my trainers this is definitely
potentially one of the most frequently
asked question I get and it is like what
on my workout trainers please they added
ask ultra boost I actually have only had
these about six months and they've just
changed the game for me they're the
comfiest things and I feel like I can't
have the same workout if I'm not wearing
these I've got like separate trainers
but I do like my walks in these are
purely for like working out this world
where every single day and probably
enough to get another pair in like a few
different colors because I just live in
these really really good for your feet
and these were like the best trainers to
get one I was recovering
because I broke my toe these these
trains have got like quite thick so like
not they're not specifically at lifting
trainers as such I do prefer it just
like I just go barefoot if I'm doing any
like conventional deadlift or anything
like that but not that I can do that at
the moment with the gyms been sure okay
then moving on to active wear now I am
so fussy when it does contacting wear
and I think everyone's like personal
preference is so different because we've
all got different body shapes and all
different shapes and sizes that's bound
to be normal but I generally sugar like
I can like the look of something on a
website how about you got a full workout
drawer full of clothes but some stuff
just doesn't fit right and if I don't
feel right I'm not going to work out I'm
not going to feel right within myself I
don't even remember that but yeah so
these are some of my favorite shorts at
the moment they're from do you either
these are in a small but I would police
say to size down in the shorts been
living in these lately I've got them in
like every single color now pink orange
and I just love this like bright blue
color and since it's been a bit warmer
this is all I've been where is her say
these are like my current favorites at
the moment they're not the most like
lifting on the glutes area but they're
just so comfy I've gone off like super
restrictive gym were which I never
thought I'd say face I love anything
that sort of like pulled me in all that
sucked me up then the next one is this
phone band which is such a lifesaver
like I actually found this in one of my
drawers and it's been great I've gone on
like a couple runs not every day I
definitely don't run every day but
rather than like try and carry your
phone in your hand or like shouldn't it
down your leg ins maybe that's just what
I did in the past you've just got it on
your own and it's adjustable so lift she
just had it up and then this also has
like a key and a key thing I drop so you
can put your house keys in there so if
you're someone who's like doing a daily
run or you've done any like five K's or
anything then this would be great and I
feel like these are sort of things that
you forget about or you don't you think
I'll get it next time over and then you
never end up putting it in your basket
all by then the next things that I use
every
is this double world coffee cook this is
just so aesthetically pleasing I can't
even explain it's just like a double
glass world cup that is all it is but I
love drinking my coffees out of this
every day I it was my friend's birthday
last week and I ordered him one and he's
like that secondly it's real just a nice
little coffee cup and then if you are
like a coffee drinker or if you drink
any fizzy drinks I've really recommend
using a like reusable straw so I use
these everyday they're just gold like
metal straws off Amazon I believe you
can get like a little plastic top as
well if you don't like the actual
texture that in your mouth and it just
saves you know like going through hella
straws and running out and stage your
teeth so much if you drink a lot of
coffee it's not necessarily fitness but
I just adore these and they're just like
silk
they're John that is quite a newfound
but my goodness I am obsessed with
everything silk a minute like all my
pajamas
these just feel unreal like to get into
it you know you just got out of the
shower if you've just faked and whatever
I don't feel like my fake tan sticks to
these and they just keep your body it
like a nice temperature I always used to
struggle to sleep in pajamas but I can
comfortably sleep in light silk drawn as
a skin you only like freshly shaven your
legs and then you put your lovely
pajamas it's just an absolute vibe so if
you haven't tried these I would really
recommend them and these are just in
like this shops version I've got these
in I think every color they're like a
nice loose fit they're not tight and
then this is just the little top thing
last month so you've probably seen these
all of my Instagram this is all I'm
wearing at the moment and apparently
these are really good for your hair
compared to like the normal bands
because they're just soft
so these like I've got a huge pack of
these like scrunchies so things they're
all like neutral colors so it go
everything and you look so cute
if you've got like a little bun in got
these off amazon became Next Day
Delivery again like nothing crazy
expensive okay then the next thing is
this cardigan I've got this thing this
like creamy color and also really dark
grey I've got these from pretty little
thing ages ago but they're just like
long
like rove feels like they go on with to
the floor haven't really worn these out
but since I've been in the house rather
than wearing my dressing clacks it got
to the point where I was answering the
door in my dressing robe gown thing
every day hope supposed but I kept
putting it on top of my clothes so I
thought I'm the asker over the solution
here because I feel like if you're fat
working on your laptop and even if it's
not actually that cold whatever I just
naturally get quite chilly so this is a
really great little throw on and it
doesn't make you feel like a slug it's
don't you know if you're just fat there
in your robe on top of your clothes it
just doesn't feel right if you the
minute since I like bleach my hair I'm
just trying to get my hair back in good
condition I've been doing this for quite
some time I haven't put heat like on my
hair for god knows how long they ruined
my hair at last year by bleach next I'm
rich and I was putting heat and it all
the time I've completely given it a
break and I think I've straightened it
sorry
I think I blow dried it once since like
December so we're growing quite strong
and these these two have helped my
hair's so so much like I was wondering
why my hair wasn't getting sort of
stronger as such I think it was the
shampoos and conditioners using the had
loads of like sulfate in so I went
online and research loads and these
really good they're like sulfate free
both of them and it's just like natural
this is got a natural black castor oil
toward us more of this but this is just
like a raw shea butter conditioner and I
leave this in for like 10-15 minutes and
my hair feels so silky and soft
afterwards and usually I've always found
with like the ones that are like sulfate
or like para paraben free never tent
it's like smell is nice but these are so
so nice I tan on a weekly basis at the
moment and I've been a religious tanner
since I was like 13 or something and but
something I've always struggled with is
finding like a tan that doesn't make me
break out like I was never able to like
perfect the fake tan that I used my body
or my face it just bring me out in hella
sports and it was never great like I
just get like little rashes as well and
this is the only one I found that
actually doesn't break me out I don't
use it like every week I just sort of
like for my face and body are just like
two completely different people I
Lovington a tinted self-tanning cream
it's got green tea pomegranate and acai
and I've got it in the dark color it
goes so nice and it looks really natural
like it's nothing like orange e or
whatever's then for a brow gel I
actually only discovered this because
all the ones that I usually use were out
of stock and this was the only one I
could all agree more brow this way and I
use this every day
it's kind of it's just like a brow brush
and it's also got like a tin as well so
I use this to like brush my eyebrows us
what on brow mister I just wanted to
share this brow diagram kit that I have
used for years these I know one I always
use it in the black I think
everyone's quite different like some
people prefer like to browse them for a
darker I just feel like I suit darker
brows even though my hair is in black
and not anymore anyway yeah this is just
like a tint you could also use it on
your lashes as well
I use this every few weeks and just like
plaster it on my brows I always feel a
newborn and I can you on one side tinted
my brights and it lasts ages because it
could you only need like a tiny tiny bit
and then you just like user like a
makeup brush or either sort of paint
them on and just walk him off it so it's
simple and easy the other thing that
I've been loving recently whenever
making like my iced coffees is this so
our ice cube tray but they're in that
large like circular ones I'll show you
it now that you just put like two big
cubes into any glass and they don't melt
straight away but it's just like a
little tiny hacks that I'm really loving
at the minute and just looks so nice in
like an iced coffee and in terms of my
favorite foods at the moment oh god I've
been obsessing with my baked touching
you get a massive portion if you some
would like quite a large appetite like
myself then this is for you it's a
Matisse de breakfast I'm really
nutritious it's not like crazy calories
over and you can just add in not your
favorite toppings and mix it up as much
as you want to anyway guys I really hope
you enjoyed this video if you haven't
already don't forget to Like and
subscribe and I'll see you guys in the
next one